.TH GLITE-LB-LOGD 8 "April 2008" "EU EGEE Project" "Logging&Bookkeeping"

.SH NAME
glite-lb-logd - local logger daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glite-lb-logd
.RI [ options ]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B glite-lb-logd 
accepts the L&B events from their sources (via the producer L&B API).
It is responsible for fast acceptance of the events and their reliable storage
in local files.

Under normal conditions, the events are forwared to the 
.B glite-lb-interlogd
immediately.
The file storage allows the interlogger crash recovery.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-c " FILE" "\fR,\fP --cert " FILE
Get certificate from
.I FILE\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_CERT
environment variable.

.TP
.BI \-C " DIR" "\fR,\fP --CAdir " DIR
Look for trusted CA's certificates in
.I DIR\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_CERT_DIR
environment variable.

.TP
.B "-d\fR,\fP --debug"
Don't run as daemon. Additional diagnostics are not enabled, they can be configured through log4c instead.

.TP
.BI \-p " NUM" "\fR,\fP --port " NUM
Listen on the port
.I NUM\fR.\fP

.TP
.BI \-f " PREFIX" "\fR,\fP --file-prefix " PREFIX
.I PREFIX 
is a path prefix of the event files.

For each job (jobid) a specific file is created that stores all events
associated with this job.
The job filename is constructed by stripping the
protocol+server prefix from the jobid and appending the rest to this
.I PREFIX. 

.I PREFIX 
defaults to /var/spool/glite/lb-locallogger/dglogd.log.

The value has to be same as used in the cooperating glite-lb-logd.

.TP
.BI \-k " FILE" "\fR,\fP --key " FILE
Get private key from
.I FILE\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_KEY
environment variable.


.TP
.BI -s " PATH" "\fR,\fP --socket " PATH
Send the messages to interlogger through the UNIX socket  
.I PATH\fR.\fP

The value has to be same as used in the cooperating glite-lb-interlogd.

.TP
.BI \-i " FILE" "\fR,\fP --pidfile " FILE
Store pid into 
.I FILE\fR.\fP
Defaults to /var/run/glite/glite-lb-logd.pid.

.TP
.B "-V\fR,\fP --version"
Print version and exit.

.TP
.B "-h\fR,\fP --help"
Print help and exit.

.TP
.B --noAuth
Don't require valid X509 credentials to run the daemon.
Used for debugging only.

.TP
.B --noIPC
Don't send messages to interlogger.

.TP
.B --noParse
Don't parse messages for correctness.
Dangerous, for debugging only! Don't use at all.


.\".SH USAGE
.\" Add any additional description here

.PP

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /tmp/interlogger.sock
Default name of local socket.

.TP
.I /var/spool/glite/lb-locallogger/dglogd.log*
Default location of the event storage files.
.TP
No configuration files needed.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B X509_USER_KEY
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_KEY
is set, it is used to locate private key file.

.TP
.B X509_USER_CERT
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_CERT
is set, it is used to locate certificate file.

.TP
.B X509_CERT_DIR
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_CERT_DIR
is set, it is used to locate the trusted CA's certificates and ca-signing-policy files.

.TP
.B X509_USER_PROXY
If
.B \fR$\fPX509USER_PROXY
is set, it is used to locate proxy certificate file.


.SH SIGNALS
.TP
.B USR1
Increase verbosity of the program.

.TP
.B USR2
Decrease verbosity of the program.


.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please, report all bugs to EGEE Bug Tracking System located at https://savannah.cern.ch

.SH SEE ALSO
.B glite-lb-bkserverd\fR(8),\fP glite-lb-interlogd\fR(8),\fP glite-lb-logevent\fR(1),\fP

.SH AUTHOR
EU EGEE, JRA1.
