.TH GLITE-LB-INTERLOGD 8 "April 2008" "EU EGEE Project" "Logging&Bookkeeping"

.SH NAME
glite-lb-interlogd - interlogger daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glite-lb-interlogd
.RI [ options ]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B glite-lb-interlogd 
takes over L&B events from glite-lb-logd and 
it is responsible for reliable transfer to their target storage -
bookkeeping and logging servers.
Interlogger maintains message queues for each target server 
and implements reliable handling in environment with possible communication
failures.

On startup (and then periodically during operation) interlogger checks the
event files (created by glite-lb-logd, see also the -f option),
spawns a thread for each target server, and populates the queues
with events read from the files.
Then it starts listening for further incoming events on the UNIX socket
(see the -s option).

The queue threads periodically attempt to contact the destination servers
and to deliver the pending events.

Eventually, when all events from a file are delivered the file is removed
after a certain timeout by a clean-up thread.
Possible race conditions wrt. glite-lb-logd are prevented by 
locking the files appropriately.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-b\fR,\fP --book 
Send events only to bookkeeping server. This option has effect only if
the logging server address is specified through the -l option. There is no
implementation of logging server currently.
 
.TP
.BI \-c " FILE" "\fR,\fP --cert " FILE
Get certificate from
.I FILE\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_CERT
environment variable.

.TP
.BI \-k " FILE" "\fR,\fP --key " FILE
Get server private key from
.I FILE\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_KEY
environment variable.

.TP
.BI \-C " DIR" "\fR,\fP --CAdir " DIR
Look for trusted CA's certificates in
.I DIR\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_CERT_DIR
environment variable.

.TP
.B "-d\fR,\fP --debug"
Don't run as daemon (do not fork and put itself into background). Additional diagnostics are not enabled, they can be configured through log4c instead.

.TP
.BI \-i " FILE" "\fR,\fP --pidfile " FILE
Store process id into this file rather than default /var/glite/glite-lb-[notif|proxy]-interlogd.pid

.TP
.BI \-f " PREFIX" "\fR,\fP --file-prefix " PREFIX
.I PREFIX 
is path prefix of the event files.

For each job (jobid) a specific file is created that stores all events
associated with this job.
The job filename is constructed by stripping the
protocol+server prefix from the jobid and appending the rest to this
.I PREFIX.

.I PREFIX
defaults to /var/spool/glite/lb-locallogger/dglogd.log, /var/spool/glite/lb-proxy/dglogd.log, or /var/spool/glite/lb-notif/dglogd.log.

On startup, interlogger checks all files matching the pattern
.I PREFIX*.

The value has to be same as used in the cooperating glite-lb-logd (or glite-lb-bkserverd for proxy).

.TP
.BI \-k " FILE" "\fR,\fP --key " FILE
Get private key from
.I FILE\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_KEY
environment variable.

.TP
.BI -l " HOST" "\fR,\fP --log-server " HOST
Use 
.I HOST
as address of logging server.
As the logging is not implemented yet this option should not be used.

.TP
.BI -s " PATH" "\fR,\fP --socket " PATH
Listen for events sent by glite-lb-logd at the UNIX socket
.I PATH.

.TP
.B "-V\fR,\fP --version"
Print version and exit.

.TP
.BI -L " TIMEOUT" "\fR,\fP --lazy " TIMEOUT
Be lazy when closing connections to servers (default, 
.I TIMEOUT\fR
==0 means turn lazy off).

.TP
.BI "-h\fR,\fP --help"
Print help and exit.

.\".SH USAGE
.\" Add any additional description here

.PP

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /var/run/glite-lb-*.sock
Default name of local socket for logger, notification logger and proxy logger.
.TP
.I /var/spool/glite/lb-*/dglogd.log*
Default locations of event files.
.TP
.I /var/spool/glite/lb-*/dglogd.log*.ctl
Interlogger's control files keeping the information on status of
the corresponding event file wrt. delivery to the target server.

.TP
No configuration files needed.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B X509_USER_KEY
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_KEY
is set, it is used to locate private key file.

.TP
.B X509_USER_CERT
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_CERT
is set, it is used to locate certificate file.

.TP
.B X509_CERT_DIR
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_CERT_DIR
is set, it is used to locate the trusted CA's certificates and ca-signing-policy files.

.TP
.B X509_USER_PROXY
If
.B \fR$\fPX509USER_PROXY
is set, it is used to locate proxy certificate file.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please, report all bugs to EU EGEE Bug Tracking System located at https://savannah.cern.ch

.SH SEE ALSO
.B glite-lb-bkserverd\fR(8),\fP glite-lb-logd\fR(8),\fP glite-lb-logevent\fR(1),\fP

.SH AUTHOR
EU EGEE, JRA1.
