.TH GLITE-LB-BKSERVERD 8 "April 2008" "EU EGEE Project" "Logging&Bookkeeping"

.SH NAME
glite-lb-bkserverd - bookkeeping server daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glite-lb-bkserverd
.RI [ options ]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B glite-lb-bkserverd 
accepts L&B events from interlogger, manages the data storage,
and serves user queries (L&B consumer clients).

Currently, the data are stored in MySQL database.

.PP
The main process spawns several
.I slave
processes. Then it listens on 
.I port
(default value is 9000) for consumer queries and
.I port+1
for interlogger daemon requests to store events to database.
Requests are redirected to the slaves 
(and picked up by the first free slave process).
All the connection handling and data processing (including SSL handshake)
is performed by the slaves.

The slaves voluntarily die and are resurrected periodically to workaround
potential resource leakage.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-a " HOST:PORT" "\fR,\fP --address " HOST:PORT
Make the server pretend (wrt. data handling) it listens on 
.I HOST:PORT 
instead of the real listening address.
This is used for debugging and various administrative purposes
(e.g. computing usage statistics on data dumped from another server).

.TP
.BI \-c " FILE" "\fR,\fP --cert " FILE
Get certificate from
.I FILE\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_CERT
environment variable.

.TP
.BI \-b " SWITCH" "\fR,\fP --transactions " SWITCH
Set transaction on/off.
.I SWITCH
is true where its value is not 0.

.TP
.BI \-C " DIR" "\fR,\fP --CAdir " DIR
Trusted CA's certificates directory.
.I DIR\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_CERT_DIR
environment variable.

.TP
.BI \-V " DIR" "\fR,\fP --VOMSdir " DIR
Trusted VOMS server's certificates directory.
.I DIR\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_VOMS_DIR
environment variable.

.TP
.B "-d\fR,\fP --debug"
Don't run as daemon. Additional diagnostics are not enabled, they can be configured through log4c instead.

.TP
.B "-r\fR,\fP --rgmaexport"
Write state info to RGMA interface.

.TP
.BI \-i " FILE" "\fR,\fP --pidfile " FILE
Store master pid into
.I FILE
instead of the default pidfile location.
Unless unavoidable it is not recommended to change the pidfile location
as it is also used for locking to prevent starting up multiple server instances
and to generate the semaphore set unique key (see option \-l).


.TP
.BI \-k " FILE" "\fR,\fP --key " FILE
Get private key from
.I FILE\fR.\fP
This option overrides the
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_KEY
environment variable.

.TP
.BI -l " NUM" "\fR,\fP --semaphores " NUM
Use 
.I NUM
semaphores (job locks).

To prevent race conditions on simultaneous event storage and job-state updates
.B glite-lb-bkserverd
uses a set of semaphores to lock jobs.
Jobids are hashed to the semaphores and only one of the set of jobs that map
to a particular semaphore may be updated at any given time. 
Therefore
.I NUM
is a limit on potential processing parallelism.

.I NUM
defaults to the number of slaves (see \-s).


.TP
.BI -L " NUM:NUM:NUM" "\fR,\fP --limits " NUM:NUM:NUM
Limit the maximum number of returned jobs/events that match user query to 
.I NUM:NUM:NUM\fP in format events_limit:jobs_limit:size_limit.\

.TP
.BI -N " NUM" "\fR,\fP --notif-dur " NUM
Maximal duration of notification registrations in hours
.I NUM\fR.\fP

.TP
.BI -S " PREFIX" "\fR,\fP --purge-prefix " PREFIX
Purge files full-path prefix
.I PREFIX\fR.\fP

.TP
.BI -D " PREFIX" "\fR,\fP --dump-prefix " PREFIX
Dump files full-path prefix
.I PREFIX\fR.\fP

.TP
.BI -J " DIR" "\fR,\fP --jpreg-dir " DIR
JP registration temporary files prefix (implies '\-j').
.I DIR\fR.\fP

.TP
.BI "-j \fR,\fP --enable-jpreg-export"
Enable JP registration export (disabled by default).

.TP
.BI \-m " STRING" "\fR,\fP --mysql " STRING
.I STRING
is a database connect string in the form
 
USER_NAME/PASSWORD@DB_HOSTNAME:DB_NAME

It defaults to lbserver/@localhost:lbserver20.

.TP
.B "-n, --noauth"
Turn off any authorization.

.TP
.BI \-p " NUM" "\fR,\fP --port " NUM
Listen on the port
.I NUM\fR.\fP

.TP
.BI \-w " NUM" "\fR,\fP --wsport " NUM
Set port to serve the web services requests to
.I NUM\fR.

.TP
.B "-r\fR,\fP --rgmaexport"
Write state info into the RGMA interface. Experimental.

.TP
.BI -s " NUM" "\fR,\fP --slaves " NUM
Fork
.I NUM
slaves.

.TP
.BI --super-user " USER" "\fR,\fP  --super-user-file " FILE
Bypass query authorization (i.e. return results anyway) when 
USER (or users listed in FILE) connect.

.TP
.BI --no-index " NUM"
Disable checking the indices for superusers (NUM=1) or entirely (NUM=2).

.TP
.BI --strict-locking
.I (not recommended).
Use a more strict locking strategy -- lock jobs sooner, when events
are stored, not just for status update.
This prevents a non-probable but still possible race
condition with parallel purge but may slow down processing on
heavy loaded servers. Anyway, the only consequence of the race condition
is a little garbage left in the database which is cleaned 
form time to time anyway.

.TP
.BI --notif-il-sock " SOCK
Socket
.I SOCK
to send notifications.

.TP
.BI --notif-il-sock " PREFIX
File
.I PREFIX
for notifications.

.TP
.BI --count-statistics " NUM
Count certain statistics on jobs for superusers (NUM=1) or for all (NUM=2).

.TP
.BI -t " NUM" "\fR,\fP --request-timeout " NUM
Request timeout
.I NUM
for one client.

.TP
.BI --silent
Do not print diagnostic, even if \-d is on.

.TP
.BI -g \fP --greyjobs
Allow delayed registration (grey jobs), implies \-\-strict-locking.

.TP
.BI -A\fR,\fP --enable-lcas
Activate LCAS-based authorization.

.TP
.BI -I\fR,\fP --rss-time " NUM"
Set the maximal age (in seconds) of states published via RSS.

.TP
.BI -P\fR,\fP --proxyonly          
Run only proxy service.

.TP
.BI -B\fR,\fP --withproxy
Run both server and proxy service.

.TP
.BI -o\fR,\fP --sock
Path-name to the local socket for communication with LB proxy.

.TP
.BI -q\fR,\fP --con-queue
Size of the connection queue (accept).

.TP
.BI -W\fR,\fP --proxy-il-sock
Socket to send events to.

.TP
.BI -Z\fR,\fP --proxy-il-fprefix
File prefix for events.

.TP
.BI -G\fR,\fP --proxy-purge
Enable automatic purging of the jobs in terminal state for proxy service (disabled by default, purging cron job installed by YAIM).

.TP
.BI -E\fR,\fP --exclusive-zombies-off
Disable checking of purged jobs when registering jobs with the EDG_WLL_LOGLFLAG_EXCL flag set. 

.\".SH USAGE
.\" Add any additional description here

.PP

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /var/run/edg-bkserverd.pid
if running as root (not recommended).

.TP
.I $HOME/edg-bkserverd.pid
otherwise.

.TP
File to store pid and to generate semaphores key.

.TP
No configuration files needed.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B X509_USER_KEY
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_KEY
is set, it is used to locate private key file.

.TP
.B X509_USER_CERT
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_USER_CERT
is set, it is used to locate certificate file.

.TP
.B X509_CERT_DIR
If
.B \fR$\fPX509_CERT_DIR
is set, it is used to locate the trusted CA's certificates and ca-signing-policy files.

.TP
.B X509_USER_PROXY
If
.B \fR$\fPX509USER_PROXY
is set, it is used to locate proxy certificate file.

.TP
.B EDG_WL_RGMA_FILE
If
.B \fR$\fPEDG_WL_RGMA_FILE
is set, it is used as name of file for sharing data with RGMA services.

.TP
.B EDG_WL_RGMA_SOCK
If
.B \fR$\fPEDG_WL_RGMA_SOCK
is set, it is  used as name of socket for communication with RGMA.

.SH BUGS
In a case of a sudden crash, alive slave processes may survive or some resources (IPC locks, open ports) may stay allocated. Please, deal with such problems via standard commands
.B kill\fR and\fP ipcrm\fR.\fP

Please, report all bugs to EU EGEE Bug Tracking System located at https://savannah.cern.ch

.SH SEE ALSO
.B glite-lb-bkindex\fR(8),\fP glite-lb-purge\fR(1),\fP glite-lb-interlogd\fR(8),\fP glite-lb-logd\fR(8),\fP glite-lb-logevent\fR(1),\fP

.SH AUTHOR
EU EGEE, JRA1.
