.TH GLITE_LB_NOTIF_KEEPER 8 "June 2014" "CESNET" "Logging&Bookkeeping"


.SH NAME
glite-lb-notif-keeper - script for refreshing site-specific notifications


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBglite-lb-notif-keeper\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]


.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBglite-lb-notif-keeper\fR is a script for registering, checking and refreshing site-specific notifications. It is intended primarily to be run by cron, but can be run manually by site admins to avoid waiting for the next cron cycle.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fP--help\fR
Show help message.

.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fP--file-prefix\fR
Notification files prefix (the same value as for server and notification interlogger).

.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fP--site-notif\fR
Location of the site-notif.conf (input definition) file.

.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fP--stale-age\fR
Time in seconds since last read before the registration is considered stale (default 345600 = 4 days).

.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fP--grace-size\fR
Message queue size limit in kBytes. Registration will be extended even if stale, provided the message queue is bellow the limit. (default 2048 = 2 MB)

.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fP--allow-legacy\fR
Allow conditions without the -a option.

.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fP--verbose\fR
Verbose command line output. (Repeat for higher verbosity)


.SH ENVIRONMENT

.TP
.B GLITE_LOCATION \fR[prefix]
Standard prefix (typically /usr).

.TP
.B GLITE_USER \fR["glite"]
User, whose home directory will be used. Value hardcoded to "glite".

.TP
.B GLITE_HOST_CERT \fR[$GLITE_HOME/.certs/hostcert.pem]
Machine public certificate file.

.TP
.B GLITE_HOST_KEY \fR[$GLITE_HOME/.certs/hostkey.pem]
Machine certificate key file.

.TP
.B GLITE_LB_LOCATION_VAR \fR[$GLITE_HOME]
Location for \fBglite-lb-notif-keeper\fR(8) internal data (text file per each notification).

.TP
.B GLITE_LB_NOTIFY \fR[$GLITE_LOCATION/bin/glite-lb-notify]
Path to \fBglite-lb-notify\fR(1) program.


.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/glite-lb/site-notif.conf
Default location with site-specific notifications.


.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs to CESNET gLite L&B issue tracker available at
.I https://github.com/CESNET/glite-lb/issues


.SH AUTHORS
L&B Product Team, CESNET.


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBglite-lb-notify\fR(1)
