.TH GLITE-LB-BKINDEX 8 "April 2008" "EU EGEE Project" "Logging&Bookkeeping"

.SH NAME
glite-lb-bkindex - dump or rebuild bookkeeping server indices

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glite-lb-bkindex
.RB [\| -mrv\| ] 
.RI [ FILE ]
.br
.B glite-lb-bkindex
.RB [\| -dmv\| ] 


.SH DESCRIPTION
The bookkeeping server
.B glite-lb-bkserverd
uses database indices to support various types of user queries efficiently.
.B glite-lb-bkindex 
is a tool for dumping and manipulating the indices.
Both single- and multiple-column indices are supported.

Due to performance reasons (reindexing may take rather long time)
the default invocation performs only "dry run" - the input is checked and intended actions
reported but not really performed.
The option \-r has to be specified to do the real work.

.B glite-lb-bkindex
should not be run while there is a running 
.B glite-lb-bkserverd
on top of the same database.

.PP
By default the L&B server indexes data according to JobId only. Because
the querying capabilities of L&B release 2 were considerably extended,
the server refuses to process a query which would not utilize any index.
This prevent overloading the underlying database engine. Consequently, even a trivial query 'give me all my jobs' results in an error in the default setup  because under certain conditions processing such query may require handling gigabytes of data.

.PP
The server administrator can create and modify the set of indices and control the set of supported queries. The description of columns to be indexed is given to 
.B glite-lb-bkindex
utility via 
.I FILE
that  follows this syntax (subset of ClassAd syntax):

.PP
.IP
.I FILE
::= 
.BI [\ JobIndices\ =\ {\  index-description\ \fR[\fP ,\  index-description\fR]*\fP
.B  } ]
.br
.I index-description
::= 
.I column-description \fR|\fP list-of-columns
.br
.I list-of-columns 
::= 
.BI {\  column-description\ \fR+\fP\  }
.br
.I column-description 
::= 
.BI [\  column-type ;\  column-name ;\  prefix-len\  \fR?\fP\ ]
.br
.I column-type 
::= 
.B type = """user""" \fR|\fP type = """system""" \fR|\fP type = """time"""
.br
.I column-name 
::= 
.B name = """\fIactual_column_name\fP"""
.br
.I prefix-len 
::= 
.BI prefixlen\ =\  integer

.PP
The only top-level attribute 
.B JobIndices
is a list (possibly empty) of index descriptions. Each index description is either a single column or a list of columns (where the order is important). The column is described by mandatory attributes 
.B type 
and 
.B name\fR,\fP
and an optional attribute 
.B prefixlen\fR.\fP 
Possible values of type are 
.B """system"""
(L&B internal attributes)
.B """time"""
("state entered" timestamps), and  
.B """user"""
(user tags).
Currently supported system column names are 
.I owner\fR,\fP destination \fRand\fP location\fR.\fP
and valid timestamps are the job states, i.e.
.I submitted, waiting, ready, scheduled, running, done, cleared, cancelled, aborted\fR.
Names of user tags are arbitrary as long as their length is less than 60 characters and they contain only ASCII printable characters excluding backtick (`).
The
.B prefixlen
value may be used to restrict indexing of columns, which may grow rather long, to a fixed size. This becomes necessary with compound indices as MySQL limits the total size of index to 250 bytes only.

.PP
In the following example the index file contains two indices, the first
one on a single system attribute -- <job owner>, the second one composed
from system attribute (job) <destination> and user tag called <experiment number>:

.IP
[
.br
\ \ JobIndices = {
.br
\ \ \ \ [ type = "system"; name = "owner" ],
.br
\ \ \ \ {
.br
\ \ \ \ \ \ [ type = "system"; name = "destination";
.br
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ prefixlen = 100 ],
.br
\ \ \ \ \ \ [ type = "user"; name = "experiment number"; 
.br
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ prefixlen = 100 ] 
.br
\ \ \ \ }
.br
\ \ }
.br
]

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-d\fR,\fP --dump"
Print current setup on
.I stdout\fR.\fP

.TP
.BI \-m " STRING" "\fR,\fP --mysql " STRING
.I STRING
is the database connect string in the form

USER_NAME/PASSWORD@DB_HOSTNAME:DB_NAME

It defaults to lbserver/@localhost:lbserver20 (common with
.B glite-lb-bkserverd\fR).

.TP
.B "-r, --really"
Really perform reindexing.

.TP
.B "-R, --remove"
Remove all indexes from server.

.TP
.B "-v, --verbose"
Increase verbosity.


.\".SH USAGE
.\" Add any additional description here

.PP

.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs to CESNET gLite L&B issue tracker available at
.I https://github.com/CESNET/glite-lb/issues

.SH SEE ALSO
.B glite-lb-purge\fR(1),\fP glite-lb-bkserverd\fR(8)

.SH AUTHOR
EU EGEE, JRA1.
