.TH EDG-WL-BKPURGE 8 "May 2003" "DataGrid Project" "Logging&Bookkeeping"


.SH NAME
edg-wl-bkpurge - utility for removing inactive jobs from the L&B database


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glite-lb-purge
.RI [ options ]
.br


.SH DESCRIPTION
.B glite-lb-purge 
is utility for removing inactive jobs from the L&B database. By default, it removes jobs that reached CLEARED, ABORTED and CANCELLED state and also OTHER jobs that are in another state and are inactive for specific (rather long) time.  It is a command line frontend to server internal purge. It is used by administrators of bkserver and it is not supposed to be used at the user level.

.B glite-lb-purge 
may be run periodically in order to avoid database overflow, however the periodic purges are done by server itself, so check the configuration of the server first.


.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-m, --server \fIbkserver\fR"
L&B server machine name. If not specified, the environment variable EDG_WL_QUERY_SERVER is beeing checked.

.IP "-a, --aborted \fiNNN[smhd]\fR"
Purge ABORTED jobs older than NNN seconds/minutes/hours/days (only one number and one letter allowed). If the time is not specified, the default timeout is determined by the server.

.IP "-c, --cleared \fiNNN[smhd]\fR"
Purge CLEARED jobs older than given time.

.IP "-n, --cancelled \fiNNN[smhd]\fR"
Purge CANCELLED jobs older than given time.

.IP "-o, --other \fiNNN[smhd]\fR"
Purge OTHER (i.e. job in other state than ABORTED, CLEARED or CANCELLED) jobs older than given time.

.IP "-r, --dry-run"
Do not really purge.

.IP "-j, --jobs \fIfilename\fR"
Input file with jobIds of jobs to purge.

.IP "-l, --return-list"
Return list of jobid matching the purge/dump criteria.

.IP "-s, --server-dump"
Dump jobs at the server into a file (see bkserverd).

.IP "-i, --client-dump"
Receive stream of dumped jobs (NOT implemented yet!).

.IP "-f, --dump-full"
Dump full database records of purged jobs.

.IP "-h, --help"
Display help.

.IP "-v, --version"
Display version.

.IP "-d, --debug"
Print diagnostics on the \fIstderr\fR.


.\".SH EXAMPLES
.\"To appear :o(


.SH FILES
No configuration files needed.


.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B EDG_WL_QUERY_SERVER
If 
.RB $ EDG_WL_QUERY_SERVER
is set, its value is used as the bkserver address.


.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please, report all bugs to DataGrid Bug Tracking System located at http://marianne.in2p3.fr/datagrid/bugzilla


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBedg-wl-bkindex\fP(8), \fBedg-wl-bkserver\fP(8), \fBedg-wl-interlogd\fP(8), \fBedg-wl-logd\fP(8), \fBedg-wl-logev\fP(1), \fBedg-wl-bkdump\fP(8), \fBedg-wl-bkload\fP(8)


.SH AUTHOR
DataGrid Work Package 1, CESNET group.
