By default, information about a job stored in the LB server is only available
to the user who submitted the job, i.e. the job owner. When requesting any
information about a job from the LB server, the users must authenticate
properly using their PKI certificates so the LB server can verify that they are
allowed to access this information (i.e. they submitted the job in question).

Besides this default functionality, the LB server also allows the job owner to
share job information with another users. Each job can be assigned an access
control list (ACL) that specifies another users who are also allowed to access
the job information. The management of ACL's is entirely under control of the
job owner so she can modify the ACL arbitrarily, specifying the set of users
who have access to the job information. The users in the ACL's can be specified
using either the subject names from their X.509 certificates or names of VOMS
groups.

Current ACL for a job is returned as part of the job status information
returned by the job_status command. The commands output ACL's in the original
XML format as specified by GACL/GridSite. 

Example of an ACL:
<?xml version="1.0"?><gacl version="0.0.1">
  <entry>
    <voms-cred><vo>VOCE</vo><group>/VOCE</group></voms-cred>
    <allow><read/></allow>
  </entry>
  <entry>
    <person><dn>/O=CESNET/O=Masaryk University/CN=Daniel Kouril</dn></person>
    <deny><read/></deny>
  </entry>
</gacl>

this ACL allows all people in the VOMS /VOCE in the VO VOCE, but deny access to
user Daniel Kouril (even if he was a member of the /VOCE group).

The job owner herself is not specified in the ACL as she is always allowed to
access the information regardles the content of the job ACL.

An ACL for a job can be changed using the change_acl command-line program
provided in the example subdirectory. In order to use change_acl, the LB
daemons locallogger and interlogger must be running. The usage of the command
is as follows:

change_acl [-r] [-g] [-d] jobid user_id

  jobid		specifies the job to change 
  user_id	specifies the user to use, it can be either an X.500 name
		(subject name) or a VOMS group (if the -g option is specified).

  -r	Remove user/group from the ACL.
  -g	If this option is given, the user_id is handled as a VOMS group. It
	must of the form VO:group, where VO is name of the VO (as printed out
	by voms-proxy-info in the VO: field) and group is name of the group.
  -d	The user specified by the user_id parameter will be denied to access
  	information about job.

Examples (resulting in the ACL above):
  change_acl -g https://scientific.civ.zcu.cz:9000/PC8Y6jBitHt_fKMTEKFnVw VOCE:/VOCE
  change_acl -d https://scientific.civ.zcu.cz:9000/PC8Y6jBitHt_fKMTEKFnVw '/O=CESNET/O=Masaryk University/CN=Daniel Kouril'

LB server configuration
In order to support the VOMS groups in the ACL's, glite_lb_bkserverd must be
able to verify client's VOMS proxy certificate using a trusted VOMS service
certificate stored on a local disk. Default directory with trusted VOMS
certificates is /etc/grid-security/vomsdir, another location can be
specified using by either the -V option to glite_lb_bkserverd or setting the
VOMS_CERT_DIR environment variable.
